Xiao Gu
You are looking for me, Xiao Rong, sit down
I haven't embarrassed you during this time, have I?
Nothing happened.
Why are my cousin and uncle so ugly?
Nothing, the main thing is to worry about your safety.
You have the nerve to ask
If you hadn't offended Risshoda
I can do it now
Can't find a suitable good job?
Do you know how powerful Rizhiten is?
No one in the middle and lower classes dared to provoke
Who dares to ask for Ruxin?
Ruxin is still young
Can I find a job slowly?
This Xiao Rong is also worried that something will happen to Nu Skin
So you did the wrong thing.
Xiaorong Xiaorong knows him every day
When will he pass by our house when he comes?
Do I have to destroy my daughter on him?
You are willing
Husband, don't be angry.
Maybe Xiaorong really has a way
Xiao Guo, don't worry.
I can ask my cousin to go to work at Zhentian Group
What nonsense
You have offended Lizhentian
I didn't ask you to invite you
How dare you say
Can you arrange me to work at Zhentian Group?
I see your ability to talk big
I can't change it in my life
You are hopeless